EN:
When asked about his childhood, Jiyan recalls a plethora of memories: the smell of medicine, the bright lights of the operating room, the sound of medical equipment clashing, and the hallway where many goodbyes were exchanged.

Born into a medical family, Jiyan became his mother's assistant at the age of 10. He excelled at medical skills and was popular among patients, not only for his expertise, but also for his great ability to soothe their upsets and cater to their needs.

Despite his exceptional medical prowess, there were still some lives that Jiyan couldn't bring back from the jaws of death—the last patient he couldn't save was Beiwang, his friend and mentor, who was heavily injured by <te href=850081>Tacet Discords</te>. 

Beiwang was initially known to Jiyan as the latter's patient, among many other <te href=850086>Midnight Rangers</te> who had to visit a doctor after fighting the frequent Tacet Discord tides plaguing the land. 

Beiwang was impressed by Jiyan's intellect and intuition, leading him to share details of the Midnight Rangers' marches and provide military instruction. Conversely, Jiyan actively contributed his analytical skills to strategy discussions, despite never experiencing battle firsthand. His unique perspectives injected vitality into their conversations, invigorating Beiwang's perspectives with a fresh outlook.

Beiwang's passing ignited a transformative spark in Jiyan—his wistfulness, frustration, and regret turned into his strength to wield the lance on the battlefield. 

Jiyan began to realize that the <te href=850075>Lament</te> is such a deep-seated disease in the world's veins that not even the most sophisticated medical instrument or the most adept surgeon could remove it. This realization drove him to cure the world in another way—he took up arms and fought the Tacet Discords head-on, with unwavering resolve.

Now, only the gourd-shaped pill case on his belt loop indicates that he was once a doctor. Speculations abound about the contents of the case, with some claiming he uses sugar pearls to comfort children and others saying he drinks from it after battles.

If someone asks Jiyan about it, he would answer frankly, "Just some common medicines, in case someone needs them."

VI:
Khi được hỏi về tuổi thơ của mình, Jiyan nhớ lại vô số ký ức: mùi thuốc men, ánh đèn sáng rực của phòng phẫu thuật, âm thanh va chạm của các thiết bị y tế, và hành lang nơi đã diễn ra biết bao cuộc chia ly.
